# Archived: transmission-torrent done

**Here lives the early version of Queersmission, named as 'transmission-torrent done', written in Bash and AWK. It has been deprecated and rests here for showcase only.**

---

This is a [post-download script](https://github.com/transmission/transmission/blob/main/docs/Scripts.md) for the [Transmission](https://transmissionbt.com/) torrent client, designed to allow users to dedicate storage for torrent uploading and to copy the downloaded files to user destinations. This ensures that file sharing continues, even if the user deletes or moves the content, which is particularly useful for Private Torrent (PT) users who need to maintain a sharing ratio.

### Features

- Automatically categorizes downloads into `film`, `TV series`, `music`, `AV`, and `default`, and copies them to respective locations. It utilizes multiple algorithms and the sophisticated regular expressions generated by the powerful [regen](https://github.com/libertypi/regen).
- Implements smart storage management on the Transmission cache, deleting the least active torrents to ensure free space.
- Configurable via a config file.

### Usage

This script is designed to be run as:

1. A [script-torrent-done](https://github.com/transmission/transmission/blob/main/docs/Editing-Configuration-Files.md#:~:text=script%2Dtorrent%2Ddone%2Dfilename) set in the Transmission configuration file, to perform post-download copying and maintenance.
2. A cronjob that runs at regular intervals, to perform routine maintenance that keeps the Transmission healthy.

Primarily developed for and tested on Synology NAS devices, this script may work with other devices that support `Bash 4+`, `Gawk`, and `jq`.
